Update documentation and coreJSON submodule (#237)
aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk: README.md

| v2.0.0 (Release Candidate) | v3.0.0 | Notes |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| `OtaState_t OTA_Shutdown( uint32_t ticksToWait );` | `OtaState_t OTA_Shutdown( uint32_t ticksToWait, uint8_t unsubscribeFlag );` | `unsubscribeFlag` indicates if unsubscribe operations should be performed from the job topics when shutdown is called. Set this as 1 to unsubscribe, 0 otherwise. |

### How to migrate from version 1.0.0 to version 3.0.0 for OTA applications

Refer to [OTA Migration document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/freertos/latest/portingguide/porting-migration-ota.html) for the summary of updates to the API.
[Migration document for OTA PAL](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/freertos/latest/portingguide/porting-migration-ota-pal.html) also provides a summary of updates required for upgrading the OTA-PAL to work with v3.0.0 of the library.

## Porting

> In order to support AWS IoT Over-the-air Updates on your device, it is necessary to provide the following components:

Reviewer: MQTT is required but HTTP is optional and only required when HTTP is used for file download

Author: Good catch, updated.

Reviewer: Thanks , but can we clarify that when MQTT is used for download then only MQTT interface is required , but for HTTP download both MQTT and HTTP is required as MQTT in this case is used for job notifications and status updates whereas HTTP is for file download

Author: Done

1. [MQTT Interface](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/embedded-csdk/202103.00/lib-ref/libraries/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/docs/doxygen/output/html/ota_porting.html#ota_porting_mqtt)

For enabling data transfer over HTTP dataplane the following component should also be provided:

1. [HTTP Interface](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/embedded-csdk/202103.00/lib-ref/libraries/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/docs/doxygen/output/html/ota_porting.html#ota_porting_http)

> **NOTE** When using OTA over HTTP dataplane, MQTT is required for control plane operations and should also be ported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE** When using OTA over HTTP dataplane, MQTT is required for control plane operations and should also be provided.
```

## Reference examples

> Please refer to the demos of the AWS IoT Over-the-air Updates library in the following location for a reference example on POSIX:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please refer to the demos of the AWS IoT Over-the-air Updates library in the following location for reference examples on POSIX and FreeRTOS:
```
